today I mark I make a base of
a surprise is a perfect evening
tonight and we are we are really all
happy with them coming home at 11 am
from kickoff naim sliti us
welcome home a full season
with the red star
it needed seven
attackers to be reborn from his ashes
after a journey already fraught with pitfalls
at just 22 years old who weaves and
four matches played as
replacing last season in paris
fc
this year the former sedan player to
regain a status of holder
indisputable to the red star
it is now six goals scored
under the Rhone colors
in the morning of the climb he is conscious
lucky to evolve in this team
after resumed last year anyway
I am I questioned myself
myself because that things
do not happen by chance and I got
the chance to bounce back to the red star on
with steve marlet
we thought it was the
best thing for me my parents so
I had consulted my father and suddenly
so that 's going very well I'm
in a good team and for now
the first so everything is why here
it's more about the continuity of what
I was doing in sedan because I see there
I find my feelings I play I
a coach who makes me a lot
trust and it's more important for
me for a player a little creative we have
need to trust
here I find them what is good
it's like there is a pretty good
atmosphere everyone gets along well and
that's what also makes
results follow
Porsche arrived in Paris in 2013
naim has been slow to adapt to his
new life
accustomed to the calm die for it
discovered the frantic pace of
capital the difficulties that occurred
added to moments of doubt in his
young footballer career admits you
that it's not forced to tubes of
the internet because
change of pace
especially outdoors
conclusion of a survey
a quiet little town and there to
Paris
it was dynamic people they are
dynamic and 15 people did not
found
a cap I promise you I
regret in any case it's a year
law
who can be a hundred this year I 'll be
not here today I will not do a
happy new year today so it's done
part of my career in my life this is the
destiny
so we'll accept it for sure
it reverberates and fairs and
Hockey Staff Act Conventions
it did not work pushing out it's
a bit difficult
honestly I could not see
paris and drawing is more than you
have noticed that it's happening but mel
from marseille quickly
integrated to bauer thanks to the
support of experienced players to
the picture of samuel allegro
in the locker room he also
found sedan elders on the
field as well as outside all praise his
qualities am someone properly
simple to live everyday that it flows
source is someone adorable
since a very simple humblot at
someone who reserves me and so we
has the impression that he is not there but he
is there and then here is someone who has
brought his stone to the building moment
of intimacy for the group preparing a
decisive match against istres that of the
climb in league 2 yet no question
for naive to inflict any
pressure on this kind of meeting where
causes a war and kill her judge
concentrate before my match but
I try to give the best of myself
even on every month personally
I like games like that with the
that some fervor we feel very
well we
we also feel that it's a match like
the others it's a particular match
because we know that if we win we will
in league 2 honestly that's all going
well, we prepare ourselves honestly
pleased to see so many people
around the stadium
it feels the professionalism that's
accused was known that in league 2 and then we
feels we approach gradually game
of the objective our means all that is okay
give me even more dandy for
make a big game especially at least
put the envi after a big match on
hope you do it this will not be the case
of some masters - the envi
and all the determination that match
like that that's what it's asking for but
it's not because you put cameras
we need to ignite or start
to play our game our days our game
as I know if I mark you if I
can make passes with pleasure
90 minutes to reconnect with the
naim professionalism remains the same
concentrated but serene
whoever refuses to talk about revenge
on his journey was still that
this season has allowed him to rebound
assists goals
it is the meeting of all the successes
for number 13
all under the look of a ter who has
always believed in him
naive he showed he was able to
come back in spite of a year a little
little we will say below that voila
but I had confidence I felt I
knew was a big season and that's it
it's when you're serious in life and
when you see the seita away from second
luck he knew how to seize it and that it me
very happy
we can talk about these loops
it's good to talk so it's really
what we missed last year
for me who did not put a season
difficult annals is what we are
really on 31 countries are well deserved
I'm happy I'm happy
savor these fruits of the fruits when
harvest gesture but all year long
last work because even same
if I have not played I next I
even worked the bfc paul players
to testify I 'm trying to
reap the fruits this year a
year that augurs a future of the best
for whoever at the dawn of his 23 years goes
to be able to keep dreaming the promoted
next season it's someone who
on the moon all the time he is often
on the line
need
who did not walk barefoot
history is
an indian